# ADR 002: Vegas Ingestion Data layer's technology 

## Status

PROPOSED

## Context

The choice of persistence and database frameworks that make development easier, 
as well as more reliability, since frameworks and dbms are well established 
in the market, as well as being used in other projects within the company. 

This decision provide:

- Adequate to team and company culture.
- Facilitate project delivery in planned timeframe.

## Decision

In order to address the requirements for the technology stack we propose:

### DBMS

Choosing a specific dbms is not necessarily a concern for the project, as we chose 
to use persistence frameworks that abstract the repository and bring more flexibility 
in development. However, we chose to use MySQL because it is a highly consolidated 
database, in addition to being perfectly integrated with other technologies already 
employed in the project.

### Persistence frameworks

As mentioned above, we opted to use consolidated frameworks within the company and 
that facilitates the implementation both by the knowledge of the developers and by 
their ease of construction. They are:

- Spring Framework 4
- Hibernate Framework 6.0.2
- Liquibase 3.5.3
- h2 database 1.4:
 	- H2 database is an open-source framework that enables developers to initiate a 
	database directly into local memory, which provides greater performance. 
	Also provides, browser based console application and has small footprint, 
	around 1.5 MB jar file size.

## Consequences

- We expect that all this technologies give high level of productiveness and motivation
for the project and team respectively, as well as greater control of changes 
in the database with Liquibase.
